date: November 20, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, waburgin, davideva, eggarwol, jhanson3, mohdkhan]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Worked on brightness settings sub-menu. Added meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: Add Malfuntion Indicator Lamp (MIL) functionality.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Fixed digital and analog add gauge button problem.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Fixed more backend bugs.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Worked on settings menu functionality.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: Made more GUI fixes and modifications.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
Wrapped up Sprint 4.