date: November 2, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [davideva, jhanson3, eggarwol]
absent: [mohdkhan, markgras, waburgin]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: mohdkhan, reason: Not needed for GUI meeting.},
  {ubit: markgras, reason: Not needed for GUI meeting.},
  {ubit: waburgin, reason: Not needed for GUI meeting.}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: None.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: None.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Added meeting minutes, planned for AddGauge() functionality.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: None.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Planned for Settings menu functionality, touchscreen working.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: Planned for edits to scaling to fit RPi touchscreen}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
Planning and discussions about direction of final product GUI.
