date: September 9, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, davideva, eggarwol, jhanson3]
absent: [mohdkhan, waburgin]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: mohdkhan, : reason: Had work (co-op).},
  {ubit: waburgin, : reason: Out of town for weekend.}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
  Main conclusion of meeting: designing hardware will end up limiting features and quality of final product. Will discuss this more at next meeting and make decision final.
