date: November 27, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, waburgin, davideva, eggarwol]
absent: [jhanson3, mohdkhan]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: jhanson3, reason: Chose not to attend optional meeting.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, reason: Chose not to attend optional meeting.}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Worked on documentation. Added meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: None.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Looked into add-gauge issues.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Worked on better .csv file.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Worked on connecting own dongle with Pi.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: None.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
Worked on various aspects of project. Will meet tomorrow (11/28) to film Sprint 5 video.
