date: November 11, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, waburgin, jhanson3, mohdkhan, davideva, eggarwol]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Added exception handling to bluetooth code. Added meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: Played with diagnostic trouble codes.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Continued working on add-gauge functionality.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Worked on data logging.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Worked more on settings menu.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: Worked on gauge relative positioning.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
Good progress has been made all around. Will meet this Sunday (11/13) to combine backend and GUI.