date: October 14, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, waburgin, davideva, eggarwol, jhanson3]
absent: [mohdkhan]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: mohdkhan, reason: "Work related issues."}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Continued working with bluetooth and backend tasks. Added meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: Continued working with bluetooth and backend tasks.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Continued working on GUI tasks.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Continued working with bluetooth and backend tasks. Created parser daemon to simulate live data.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Continued working on GUI tasks. Added previous meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: Continued working on GUI tasks.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
Things are mostly going swimmingly. We will meet on an as-needed basis in the future.