date: November 4, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, waburgin, jhanson3, mohdkhan, davideva, eggarwol]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Continued working on backend tasks. Added meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: Created new issues.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Continued working on GUI issues.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Created new issues.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Added exit button. Printed cases.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: Fixed window sizing issues when running code on different Pi OS's.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
New GitHub issues for Sprint 4 made and assigned. Everyone knows what they have to do.