date: November 16, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, waburgin, jhanson3, mohdkhan, davideva]
absent: [mohdkhan]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: mohdkhan, reason: Chose not to attend optional meeting.}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Worked on DigiDash mounting solution. Added meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: None.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Made changes to AddGauge.py.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Fixed canbus.py bugs and adjusted main.py to reduce future merge conflicts.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Fixed personal hardware issues. Made adjustments in settings.py.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: Restructered gauge classes.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
Excellent progress made today. Will meet on an as-needed basis in future.