date: September 23, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, jhanson3, waburgin, mohdkhan, davideva, eggarwol]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Continued familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools. Added meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: Continued familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Continued familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Continued familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Continued familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: Continued familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools. Fixed GUI scatter bug.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
Created GitHub issues. Will meet on as-needed basis until next TA meeting.