date: October 28, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, waburgin, davideva, eggarwol, jhanson3, mohdkhan]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Can now successfully transmit and receive data via both serial bluetooth and sockets. Added meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: None.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Experimented with wired OBD2 reader.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Helped test data transmission code. Organized Mark's code into usable classes.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Worked on 3D-printed case for Pi with touchscreen. Worked on GUI background image management.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: General bug fixes with digital gauges.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
Discussed everyone's progress. Will and Mark will meet tomorrow (Saturday, 10/29) to work on backend coding. Group will meet late Sunday (10/30) to record Sprint 3 video.