date: September 16, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can be "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [markgras, jhanson3, waburgin]
absent: [mohdkhan, davideva, eggarwol]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: mohdkhan, reason: Had work (co-op).},
  {ubit: davideva, reason: Sick (fever).},
  {ubit: eggarwol, reason: Had work. Changed future work schedule to avoid further TA meeting conflicts.}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: markgras, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project. Began familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools. Added meeting minutes.},
  {ubit: mohdkhan, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project. Began familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools.},
  {ubit: davideva, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project. Began familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools.},
  {ubit: eggarwol, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project. Began familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools.},
  {ubit: waburgin, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project. Began familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools.},
  {ubit: jhanson3, progress: Brainstormed more ideas for project. Began familiarizing self with project hardware and software tools. Created GUI prototype.}
  ]
issues: [
  ]
Notes:  | 
Will meet Sunday (9/18) to film Sprint 1 video and coordinate next meeting.
